>> Rodriguez: So let's go through and
add a button to our campaign
using this buttons.cm approach.
So we're going to hop
back over to code here.
We have this link that was kind
of a placeholder for our button.
We want to style that and
make it look like call to action.
So we're going to hop over to buttons.cm.
And then we can update
whatever we want in here.
This is a button that's
not very descriptive but
we don't really have any
real content in here.
I'm not going to worry about a background
image, I like kinda that flat style.
If I want to I can update
the color on this.
Hopefully ensure that it's still
accessible, it has the high contrast
between the background color and
the color of the font.
We can make this a little bit
bigger like nice big buttons.
That's maybe a little bit too big.
>> Rodriguez: Border radius is cool and
then add our URL in here.
>> Rodriguez: So you can see that
button.cm they generate all that
code for you.
So you can go in here and
then just wholesale copy and
paste it to replace whatever
that URL happened to be.
Usually like to kind of format this a
little bit just so it's easier to read and
update if needed.
But it's just using that VML that
most people are not familiar with at
all and it's hard to kind
of come to terms with it so
that's why generators like buttons.cm
are so important and we save that.
Pop it back, open our browser here.
So you can see here after we add that in
there that it's not centering this button
but we might want it center looks a little
bit nicer kind of balances out the center
heading up there.
So on this container day of
we can apply inline style and
just use text align center for that.
I added a center button, which is awesome.
If we want to we can add some
additional spacing around the button,
give it a little bit of breathing room,
make it easier for people to click on.
The one thing I don't particularly like
about button.cm is that it tends to use
smaller font sizes but that's something
that's easy enough to go into
the Inline CSS for that tag and
update as needed to make
it a little bit more readable, a little
bit more usable for people that need it.